chore(forms): replace FormError with Error (#3386)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/create-component/useFieldProps/info.mdx

### Error handling

> Validation and error-handling is tight coupled together. When a validation fails, you may use the error-object to handle and show the failures/statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validation and error-handling are tightly coupled together. When a validation fails, you may use the error-object to handle and show the failures/statuses:
```
